Update README.md (#91)
datavis-tech/graph-data-structure: README.md

Require it in your code like this.

```javascript

> const { Graph, serializeGraph, deserializeGraph, topologicalSort, shortestPath } = require('graph-data-structure');

Reviewer: Maybe it's type to use ESM ?

> const { Graph, serializeGraph, deserializeGraph, topologicalSort, shortestPath } = require('graph-data-structure');

Author: ```suggestion
import { Graph, serializeGraph, deserializeGraph, topologicalSort, shortestPath } from 'graph-data-structure';
```

```

## Examples

### ABC

> To create a graph instance, instantiate **[Graph](#graph)** as a class.

Reviewer: I would just say :

> Start by creating a new graph object :

Author: ```suggestion
Start by creating a new  **[Graph](#graph)** object.
```

</p>

```javascript

> var graph = new Graph();

Reviewer: Move to `const` ? 😅

Author: ```suggestion
const graph = new Graph();
```

Constructs an instance of the graph data structure.

> The optional argument _serialized_ is a serialized graph that may have been generated by **[serializeGraph](#serializeGraph)**. If _serialized_ is present, it is deserialized by invoking **[deserializeGraph](#deserializeGraph)**.

Reviewer: Nope, to deserialize the graph you have to call `deserializeGraph(mySerializedObject)`. There constructor takes no parameter anymore

> The optional argument _serialized_ is a serialized graph that may have been generated by **[serializeGraph](#serializeGraph)**. If _serialized_ is present, it is deserialized by invoking **[deserializeGraph](#deserializeGraph)**.

Author: ```suggestion
The optional argument _serialized_ is a serialized graph that may have been generated by **[serializeGraph](#serializeGraph)**. If _serialized_ is present, it is deserialized by invoking **[deserializeGraph(mySerializedObject)](#deserializeGraph)**.
```

### Adding and Removing Nodes

<a name="add-node" href="#add-node">#</a> <i>graph</i>.<b>addNode</b>(<i>node</i>)

> Adds a node to the graph. Returns _graph_ to support method chaining. The argument _node_ can be any object or string that uniquely identifies the node within this graph instance. If a node with the same identifier was already added to the graph, this function does nothing.

Reviewer: I would remove the part on the identifier, as we now accept object, it has no meaning anymore. Or maybe "if the node already exists, this function does nothing"

> Adds a node to the graph. Returns _graph_ to support method chaining. The argument _node_ can be any object or string that uniquely identifies the node within this graph instance. If a node with the same identifier was already added to the graph, this function does nothing.

Author: ```suggestion
Adds a node to the graph. Returns _graph_ to support method chaining. If the given _node_ was already added to the graph, this function does nothing.
```

<a name="remove-node" href="#remove-node">#</a> <i>graph</i>.<b>removeNode</b>(<i>node</i>)

> Removes the specified node. Returns _graph_ to support method chaining. The argument _node_ is a string or object identifier for the node to remove. This function also removes all edges connected to the specified node, both incoming and outgoing.

Reviewer: I would also add a warning but node that are object. You have to remove them using the exact same reference as when they were created. One can use `getNode()` to retrieve such reference

> Removes the specified node. Returns _graph_ to support method chaining. The argument _node_ is a string or object identifier for the node to remove. This function also removes all edges connected to the specified node, both incoming and outgoing.

Author: ```suggestion
Removes the specified node. Returns _graph_ to support method chaining. The argument _node_ is a string or object identifier for the node to remove. This function also removes all edges connected to the specified node, both incoming and outgoing.

**Note:** You have to remove them using the exact same reference as when they were created. One can use getNode() to retrieve such reference.
```

Sets the _weight_ (a number) of the edge from node _u_ to node _v_.

<a name="get-edge-weight" href="#get-edge-weight">#</a> <i>graph</i>.<b>getEdgeWeight</b>(<i>u</i>, <i>v</i>)

Gets the _weight_ of the edge from node _u_ to node _v_. If no weight was previously set on this edge, then the value 1 is returned.

### Querying the Graph

<a name="adjacent" href="#adjacent">#</a> <i>graph</i>.<b>adjacent</b>(<i>node</i>)

Gets the adjacent node list for the specified node. The argument _node_ is a node reference (object or string). Returns a `Set` of adjacent node references or `undefined` if the node is not found.

### Serialization

<a name="serializeGraph" href="#serializeGraph">#</a> <b>serializeGraph</b>(<i>graph</i>)

Serializes the graph. Returns an object with the following properties.

- `nodes` An array of objects, each representing a node reference.
- `links` An array of objects representing edges, each with the following properties.
  - `source` The node reference of the source node (**u**).
  - `target` The node reference of the target node (**v**).

>   - `weight` The weight of the edge between the source and target nodes.

Reviewer: You forgot the edge's properties, if any

Here's example code for serializing a graph.

```javascript
var graph = new Graph();
graph.addEdge('a', 'b');
graph.addEdge('b', 'c');
var serialized = serializeGraph(graph);
```

<a name="deserializeGraph" href="#deserializeGraph">#</a> <b>deserializeGraph</b>(<i>serialized</i>)

> Deserializes the given serialized graph. Returns a new _graph_. The argument _serialized_ is a graph representation with the structure described in **[serializeGraph](#serializeGraph)**.

Reviewer: Makes me think that the `serializeGraph` could also use an identity function, to avoid the duplication of the data when using a node object.
